[ZT] Clientless RBI update IP address (#16892)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/policies/browser-isolation/setup/clientless-browser-isolation.mdx

> With Clientless Web Isolation, users can reach any private IP resource you have connected through [Cloudflare Tunnel](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/). For more information, refer to [Connect private networks](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/private-net/cloudflared/).

Author: ```suggestion
With Clientless Web Isolation, users can reach any internal web server you have connected through [Cloudflare Tunnel](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/). For more information, refer to [Connect private networks](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/private-net/cloudflared/).
```

> For example, if you added `192.168.2.1` to your tunnel, users can connect to your application through the remote browser by going to `https://<your-team-name>.cloudflareaccess.com/browser/http://192.168.2.1`.

Author: ```suggestion
For example, if you added `192.168.2.1` to your tunnel, users can connect to your application through the remote browser by going to `https://<your-team-name>.cloudflareaccess.com/browser/http://192.168.2.1`. Clientless Web Isolation also supports connecting over private ports, for example `https://<your-team-name>.cloudflareaccess.com/browser/http://192.168.2.1:7148`.
```
